Israeli raids in the occupied West Bank
have killed at least two Palestinians
and injured three others soldiers
storming the Alara refugee camp were
confronted by Palestinian Fighters a red
Cresent ambulance was shot at and a
paramedic beaten and arrested other
raids early on Friday morning were at
kilia and Al Samu n ibraim has more from
rala the isra forces have raided several
and different areas across the occupied
West Bank it would be easier to say
which areas they did not raid overnight
and early this morning but the deadly
raid took place in tobas to the north of
the occupied West Bank where Israeli
forces have killed two Palestinians one
of them has been ambushed in his car and
he has been ided as Muhammad rasul now
according to the Israeli sources they
say that he was not a target of the raid
but he has conducted uh shootings
against the Israeli forces raiding the
area leading to the ambush of his car
and his killing they've took the car the
Israeli forces but then they've Let It
Go leading the Medical Teams to be able
to go and take the body with them now
according to locals Muhammad rasul is
known as the leader of the Tas balion a
fighting group of young men who has been
confronting the Israeli forces
militarily but he's also the son of Omar
D A Palestinian who was the first to
declared dead by the Israeli prisons
service since the War Began in October
his father has been known as leader of
Hamas here in the occupied West Bank and
this tells you about the fact that the
family will be laying to rest the son
who has been killed today but they still
have the body of the father who has been
who has been declared dead six months
ago that is still the body is has not
been handed over to the Palestinians for
burial all in all all day Israeli forces
have conducted arrests in several areas
in the occupied West Bank nid ibraim Al
jaaz Ral